NAME
     gimme -- Quickly scp files to or from another computer.

SYNOPSIS
     gimme   ip address [source file] [-hkrD] [-s subnet index] [-i interface]
             [-f source file] [-d file destination]  [-t command]

DESCRIPTION
     Use gimme to send or retrieve files from other servers using secure shell
     copy (scp). To do this, you will need to know the paths of the source and
     destination for the file or directory you intend to copy. Tab auto-complete
     is not supported at this time.

     The options are as follows:

     ip address
             Sets the IP address of the computer to ssh into. It is common to enter
             only the last octet (an integer between 0 and 255) and use subnet index
             and/or interface options to automatically retrieve the first three
             octets.

     -s subnet index
             Sets the subnet index to use. This uses jebri shortcuts'
             util/findSubnet.sh script to determine the first three octets of
             the IP address to ssh into, appending the final octet if only a single
             octet is passed for the IP address option. The default can be changed
             in the .jshor_config file.

             "1" is the default option for this, as it skips the loopback interface,
             which is often at subnet index 0. If you have multiple interfaces or
             multiple IP addresses for an interface and want to use a latter one,
             increase this subnet index.

     -i interface
             Sets the interface to use. This narrows the subnets that are
             iterated through in the util/findSubnet.sh script. Using this
             in conjunction with the subnet index flag will ensure you have the
             correct subnet.

     -f source file
             Indicates the path to the file you want to copy.

             Normally, this is a file on your local machine. If the reverse flag
             is set, it is instead a file on the remote machine.

     -d file destination
             Indicates the path to the destination to which you want to copy the
             selected file.

             This is normally a destination path on the remote machine. If the
             reverse flag is set, it is instead a destination on your local machine.

     -t command
             Specifies a command to execute upon establishing an ssh connection
             to the remote machine. I'm actually not certain whether this works
             at the time of writing this.

     -r      Sets the reverse flag.

             If this option is passed, the source file will instead be expected
             to be a file or directory on the remote machine and the destination
             will be a path on your local machine (normally, the other way around).

     -h      Shows the help page. Seems you've already figured that one out.
