NAME
     go -- Quickly ssh into another computer.

SYNOPSIS
     go   ip address [source file] [-hnD] [-s subnet index] [-i interface]
          [-t command] [-k ssh key]

DESCRIPTION
     Use go to ssh into other computers via their IPv4 address. This is helpful
     when you are frequently ssh'ing into different devices on the same network.
     Most often, go is passed a single parameter, the final octet of the IP address
     for the computer you wish to ssh into. This prevents you from having to type
     out a whole command, e.g., "go 99" instead of "ssh root@192.168.1.99 -i
     /path/to/ssh/key".

     Fo uses util/findSubnet.sh to identify the current subnet of your computer
     and automatically fill in the first three octets of the IPv4 address for the
     computer you want to ssh into.

     Go has the added feature of pinging the indicated IP address prior to initiating
     an ssh connection. This can help to verify the address and expedite the process
     of reconnecting to a remote machine after reboot. If the remote machine does
     not respond to pings, pass the -n flag to skip the ping.

     The options are as follows:

     ip address
             Sets the IP address of the computer to ssh into. It is common to enter
             only the last octet (an integer between 0 and 255) and use subnet index
             and/or interface options to automatically retrieve the first three
             octets.

     -s subnet index
             Sets the subnet index to use. This uses jebri shortcuts'
             util/findSubnet.sh script to determine the first three octets of
             the IP address to ssh into, appending the final octet if only a single
             octet is passed for the IP address option. The default can be changed
             in the .jshor_config file.

             "1" is the default option for this, as it skips the loopback interface,
             which is often at subnet index 0. If you have multiple interfaces or
             multiple IP addresses for an interface and want to use a latter one,
             increase this subnet index.

     -i interface
             Sets the interface to use. This narrows the subnets that are
             iterated through in the util/findSubnet.sh script. Using this
             in conjunction with the subnet index flag will ensure you have the
             correct subnet.

     -t command
             Specifies a command to execute upon establishing an ssh connection
             to the remote machine.

     -n      Sets the "no-ping" flag.

             If this option is passed, the initial ping to verify that the remote
             machine is online will be skipped and an ssh connection will be
             initiated immediately.

     -h      Shows the help page. Seems you've already figured that one out.
