NAME
     jira -- Quickly open a jira ticket in your browser.

SYNOPSIS
     jira  [...ticket number(s)] [-hcfNroB] [-b browser] [-s confluence cloud server]
           [-p JIRA project] [-t ticket]

DESCRIPTION
     Use jira to quickly open up the Atlassian JIRA Cloud application with
     a browser. Jira is often used with simply the ticket number (e.g.,
     "jira 12345").

     If passed without any options, jira will simply open the JIRA homepage.

     The options are as follows:

     ticket number(s)
             The number(s) for the ticket you'd like to open. This can be an
             array of ticket numbers separated by spaces. For example, for a
             ticket named "PROJ-12345", this would simply be "12345" (as project
             is specified in resources/.jshor_config) or with the -p option.

     -b browser
             A string that indicates the name your computer uses for a browser,
             e.g., "Google Chrome" (quotes required for two-word strings),
             "Safari", or "Firefox".

     -s JIRA cloud server
             Indicates the first portion of the URL to go to, which differentiates
             Atlassian cloud instances, for example, the "server-address" of
             "https://server-address.atlassian.net/".

     -p JIRA project
             The all-caps abbreviation for your JIRA project. For example, for a
             ticket named "PROJ-12345", this would be "PROJ".

     -t ticket number
             If not passed as the first option, the ticket number can also be
             passed with this option flag.

     -c      Sets the browser option to "Google Chrome".

     -f      Sets the browser option to "Firefox".

     -N      Specifies that the browser should open the page in a new window, rather
             than a new tab.

     -B      Opens the Rapid Board for your team.

     -o      Opens the "My Open Tickets" filter.

     -r      Opens a filter of tickets recently reported by you.

     -h      Shows the help page. Seems you've already figured that one out.
